slurm and eks readme edits (#735)
aws-samples/awsome-distributed-training: 3.test_cases/pytorch/FSDP/kubernetes/README.md

Build a container image for this example using the code below:

```bash

> aws ecr-public get-login-password --region us-east-1 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin public.ecr.aws/hpc-cloud

Reviewer: Not needed

popd
```

> We use the [nccl-tests](github.com/aws-samples/awsome-distributed-training/micro-benchmarks/nccl-tests/nccl-tests.Dockerfile) container as base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PyTorch FSDP container uses the [nccl-tests](github.com/aws-samples/awsome-distributed-training/micro-benchmarks/nccl-tests/nccl-tests.Dockerfile) container as base.
```
